[Workers] Profiling Workers revision (#2385)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/learning/profiling-workers.md

# Profiling Workers

For long-running or complex Workers, `wrangler inspect`(beta) will help you understand what part of your code takes the longest time to execute.

As part of the Workers platform's integration with Chrome Developer Tools, you can use `wrangler dev --inspect` to get a CPU profile of your Worker.

<StreamVideo id="f11809a382160334e9be9a2aedf13d1d" />

> `wrangler inspect` will only work on Wrangler version v1.19.3 or later. Check your version before continuing and if you need to update your version, refer to the guide on [upgrading Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/install-update).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wrangler inspect` will only work on Wrangler version v1.19.3 or later. Check what version you have before continuing. If you need to update Wrangler, refer to the guide on [upgrading Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/install-update).
```

Reviewer: Trying to cut the long sentence into smaller ones

### Profiling our Worker

> With your `index.js` file updates and saved, go to your terminal and run `wrangler dev --inspect`. You will see additional instructions for configuring Chrome DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your `index.js` file updated and saved, go to your terminal and run `wrangler dev --inspect`. You will see additional instructions for configuring Chrome DevTools.
```

👂  Listening on http://127.0.0.1:8787
```

> Open a new tab in Chrome, type `chrome://inspect` in the Chrome address bar and press **Enter** or **return** on your keyboard to go to Chrome's DevTools. Select **Configure...** and add `localhost:9230`. The Wrangler inspect process will then show up under **Remote Target**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a new tab in Chrome and enter `chrome://inspect` in the Chrome address bar to open Chrome's DevTools. Select **Configure...** and add `localhost:9230`. The Wrangler inspect process will then show up under **Remote Target**.
```

Reviewer: Wdyt?

![Chrome Inspect](./media/chrome-inspect.png)

Select **inspect** to open DevTools.

<Aside type="note">

Currently, Wrangler only supports the **Console**, **Sources** and **Profiler** tabs.

</Aside>

### Capturing a CPU profile

> With the DevTools open, select the **Profile** tab > **Start**. Open a new tab with your Worker running locally `http://127.0.0.1:8787`. Visiting this address will invoke the Worker again, and allow DevTools to capture execution information. When it finishes loading, go back to the DevTools window and select **Stop**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the DevTools open, select the **Profile** tab > **Start**. Open a new tab with your Worker running locally `http://127.0.0.1:8787`. Visiting this address will invoke the Worker again and allow DevTools to capture execution information. When it finishes loading, go back to the DevTools window and select **Stop**.
```
